Update Bonsai size and behavior (#1005)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/Concepts/Data-Storage-Formats.md

The default limit Bonsai looks back is 512. To change the parameter, use the
[`--bonsai-maximum-back-layers-to-load`](../Reference/CLI/CLI-Syntax.md#bonsai-maximum-back-layers-to-load) option.

!!! note

>     Using `--bonsai-maximum-back-layers-to-load` does not affect the size of the date being stored, only how far back to load.

Reviewer: I think you want to Say database ?

Author: Fixed

>     Using `--bonsai-maximum-back-layers-to-load` does not affect the size of the database being stored, only how far back to load.
>     This means there is no "safe minimum" value to use with this option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Using `--bonsai-maximum-back-layers-to-load` doesn't affect the size of the database being stored, only how far back to load.
    This means there's no "safe minimum" value to use with this option.
```

Author: Fixed
